Added tr60w configurations. (#7450)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/tr60w/readme.md

# TR60W

> [![TR60W Imgur Link](https://imgur.com/a/vezmI99/)](https://imgur.com/a/vezmI99/)

Reviewer: This needs to be a direct image link in order for GitHub to render the image. Also the formatting is a bit wrong.

```suggestion
![TR60W](https://i.imgur.com/Ez2T2Te.jpg)
```

Author: done.

> This is the hotswap pcb supplied by Triangle Lab with their tr60 case.

Reviewer: Most of the things under Hardware Supported are better said here.

```suggestion
This is the hotswap PCB supplied by Triangle Labs with their TR60 case, featuring four RGB LEDs around the Escape key, USB-C, and SMD single-color backlighting.
```

Author: done.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [Joule-Flow](https://github.com/Joule-Flow)
* Hardware Supported:
  * ATMEGA 32u4 supported
  * The pcb does seem to be designed by fox labs
  * 4 rgb leds around the escape key socket
  * kalih hot swap sockets
  * north facing switches
  * usb c receptacle

>   * smd nonrgb-in-switch leds

Reviewer: Lines 8-15 should be replaced with just:

```Markdown
* Hardware Supported: TR60W PCB, ATmega32U4
```

Author: done.

> This is the hotswap pcb supplied by triangle labs with their tr60 case.

Reviewer: Could you reformat this file to align to the [AVR readme template](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/blob/b663a5b2486eb47909956b77d6dd13e08400f2fe/quantum/template/avr/readme.md)? (It's my fault for not specifying that we have one. :blush:)

Also, `Triangle` is misspelled on the last line.
